Hey, how dare you talk to my husband like that
Are you tired of living?
Do you know who my husband is?
I don't care who he is.
He is the ancestor of the Heaven Group
My husband
About to get an investment from Story Group
This also means that
My Husband
He's about to get the attention of the president of stories
Let alone this little kindergarten
You don't ask
This sea of big business coffee
Which one doesn't flatter my husband?
This Gu Zhengting is really blind
Steal from everyone
Story Group made a total of 48 foreign investments this month
Gu Zhengting is too busy
It's the people below him who misread the person.
You even know the number of investments
How do you know so much about Story Group?
Your driver friend told you
Smart and bold
Please come to the guardian of insulting Haichen
I'm not even mad yet.
What are you so mad about?
Besides, you can be scolded by your own wife
It's also a kind of happiness.
Are you pretending to be Gu Zhenting and not afraid of getting angry?
At least I can take this ill breath for my wife
Who is your old ghost
Shhh!
So you are Mr. Gu
If it is fake, change it.
If you were the richest man in Haicheng
Then I'm the richest man in the world
Migrant workers moving bricks on a construction site
How dare you pretend to be the richest man?
Hahaha, it makes people laugh out loud.
There's a picture of me on Story Group's website.
If you don't believe me, you can check it yourself.